# Accessibility: How to Design for All

- Get excited about creating accessible products people love! Prioritizing accessibility naturally improves everyone's experience. For example, video captions don't just help people with hearing impairments. They also help anyone who watches videos in a noisy space, with sound off, or in a non-native language. With over 1 billion people living with disabilities, your design decisions will open—or close—the door to millions. If you want to tap into a massive, underserved market and build your reputation as an inclusive, impactful designer, this course is for you.

- Make yourself invaluable by mastering how accessibility can accelerate product success and, in addition, protect your brand from legal risks. Accessibility isn't just good for people with disabilities—it's great for business. Happier users lead to greater impact, loyalty, and the kind of salary that reflects your value. You'll learn how to demonstrate the return on investment (ROI) of accessibility and easily build a compelling business case. You'll confidently design for a wide range of disabilities and easily create smooth experiences everyone loves.

- Gain confidence and credibility as you implement Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and the ready-to-use Accessibility Screener template. With expert guidance and step-by-step templates, it's simpler than you think! You'll immediately be able to apply these insights across all roles and industries. Unlike tools that come and go, accessibility skills are timeless. Designing for humans never goes out of style, which makes your career future-proof and protects you against AI. You don't need a specific background. You'll get a deep understanding of how design impacts usability for everyone through interviews with an accessibility specialist with visual impairment. Even without any prior experience, you'll effortlessly optimize code with practical techniques like Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) markup and alt text for images. This course gives you the skills to master compliance standards and create products with improved usability for everyone.

Link: https://www.interaction-design.org/courses/accessibility-how-to-design-for-all
